stored procedure

1)Create a procedure for adding a row in emp table. Display number of rows added. Handle corresponding exception

2)Create a procedure which takes employee number as parameter and delete the employee record. Procedure must return the empname whose record has be deleted.

3)Create a procedure which takes department name as paramater and displays all the employee records, no of employee in that department. 


4)Create a procedure which takes empno as IN parameter and gives
OUT entire record of the employee

5)create a prcedure which would accept 2 dates as arguments and returns   difference between them in years and months Eg: "3 years 6 months"


6)Design a cursor program in which you select empno,ename,job,sal
into a collection and display the same for any department number passed as argument to cursor. 


using cursor

7) Create table with following structures

      - emp_bonus(empno,ename,annual_salary,bonus)

- using cursor program fetch empno,ename,sal,comm from emp table.
- for each record fetched find annual salary which includes comm
- compute various percentage of bonus based on annual salary.
- insert empno,ename,annual_salary,bonus into emp_bonus table
- display number of rows inserted.


8)Write a procedure  to create a cursor displays the name and salary of each employee in the 
  EMPLOYEES table whose salary is less than that specified by a passed-in parameter value.


9)Write a procedure to display employee id, name, hire date, and the incentive amount they 
  achieved according to their working experiences, 


stored functions

10)Create a function which takes department name as paramater and 
  return the  no of employee working in that department. 

11)Write function to return the  department having more than five employees

120write a function to return the employee who is earning second max salary from a perticular department.

13)write a function to return the employee who is having maximum experience from the emp table.

